gh-103997: Remove incorrect statements about `-c` dedenting (#138624)
python/cpython: Doc/using/cmdline.rst

   .. versionchanged:: 3.14
      *command* is automatically dedented before execution.

>       Only supports spaces and tabs and doesn't normalize empty lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The auto-dedentation behavior only supports spaces and tabs,
  and does not normalize empty lines.
```

Reviewer: Ahh sorry, but I think this suggestion is off because it's not indendent.

   .. versionchanged:: 3.14
      *command* is automatically dedented before execution.
      The auto-dedentation behavior only supports spaces and tabs,

>       and does not normalize empty lines.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
